Clarify source directory (#92)
aws-amplify/docs: js/start.md

$ amplify push
```

> > A configuration file (`aws-exports.js`) will be added to the `src/` directory.

Reviewer: That is not completely true, because you could change the `Source directory path`.
React-native doesn't have `./src` directory for example
Could be something like this? 
```suggestion
> A configuration file (`aws-exports.js`) will be added to the source directory. (`Source Directory Path` question during `amplify init`)
```
